---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Week 9 ##
### July 26 2021 ###
I started focusing on TAMER and the Policy Shaping framework for my methodology section of the research. I also started writing up the user study on how the procedure of how to conduct the study. I did this because I plan on passing off my research to another student.  


### July 27 2021 ###
My mentor and I talked about passing off my research to another student because I won't finish it next month because of my circumstance. She told me I should look into [Nasa TLX Survey](https://humansystems.arc.nasa.gov/groups/TLX/tlxpaperpencil.php) and [Robotics Research Lab](https://rrl.cse.unr.edu/en/pubs/) when I try to come up with questions for the users in my experiment. She suggested that I should look at articles that have questionnaires. After finding questions that I like, she recommends I copy them to use for my research. Since they already have questions that work in the study. We also talked about going to Boston in mid-August for the internship to visit campus. 

### July 28 to 29 2021 ###
I looked through the links she gave me to see what questions I want to implement for my user study. I used google scholar to look for articles that had questions that I could implement to the user study. I found it difficult because many papers did not list their questionnaires. I also had trouble figuring out how to implement two of the framework for my study. Writing the methodology section is difficult because I had to write in the third person, which I was not used to that point of view. I plan on next week to start revisiting python. 
