---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### July 12 to July 16 ###

## July 12 ##

I was debating wheter or not what frameworks should I use to help anyalize the effect of duration has on human feedback. I looked at both TAMERs and Policy Shaping framework to get a better idea of what I want to do with my project. The two frameworks are common to use for robotics and HRI, so I thought it would be the best would to read more papers to compare the two.

To add a bit more information about each framework down below.
#### TAMERS Framework ####
* It's a framework that looks at human feedback and uses it to help maximize the reward the robot gets from their given action.
* It allows for anyone to give feedback to robots because no technical skill is needed to give feedback.
* I can use the framework to look at the human side of feedback and see how it affects the robot learning.

#### Policy-Shaping Framework ####
* This framework allows robot to compelete tasks while the human feedback are taking a break or not in the area.
* The robots learn from their environment instead of the human teacher. 
* If I gave the particpants break I could use this feedback to keep analyzing the robot feedback.

## July 13 ##

Talked with my mentor disscussing what would be the best two framework to test out my theory. She suggested that I should try to implement both TAMERs and Policy framework into my reserach. Since the both can help me determine the effects of time has on HRI for my research. We also talked about the possiblity of doing an in-person experiment and an online experiment as well. Also, she suggested I should write a user study so that way I can pass off the research to someone else and they can conduct the research for me.

## July 14 - July 15 ##
I read more papers on TAMER and Policy-Shaping framework papers to get a better understanding how I will incoparate my research. I started writing a rough draft of how I want the user study to take place. There was three quesitonnare I wrote for the pre-experiment, during the experiment and post-experiment. 

## July 16 ##
I spent the day writing more on the user study. I also started writing the methodology section as well.



