---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Week 2 ##
### June 8 2021 ###

I had a meeting with Dr. Short regarding my research project for the internship. My interest in research lies very closely with Hang and Jindan's interest. The suggestion was to create research that could help benefit both of them.

Since Hang's research lies closely with finding a solution to avoid giving binary feedback to a robot after completing a task. 
  * **Binary feedback** means instead of just saying right and wrong. The researcher gives tips and tricks on how the robot can improve its chance of completing a task correctly 

Jindan's research focused on being able to track human interaction with a robot. Then take each human feedback and emulate it into a robot. 

My mentor and I decided to focus my research on how different lengths of time with humans and robots can affect the feedback in reinforcement learning. The research that I will be conducting will help benefit both Jindan and Hang's research.  


### June 9 2021 ###
I had a meeting with James (PhD. student at Tufts University) to learn more about his field of research. His researches specialize in being able to have the robots be able to know if the human is paying attention to them. This research applies in multi-robot scenarios! It's interesting how there are so many possibilities in research in robotics and machine learning.   

Afterward, I did some research to learn more about how human feedbacks can sometimes be a flaw in learning more about human-robot interaction.

### June 10 2021 ###

After reading some more papers on human-robot interaction and reinforcement learning, I wrote a little bit of the introduction to help me get started. I also did some more python practice through [hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com/). I recommend this website for practicing coding, algorithms, interview questions, and data structures! 

### June 11 2021 ###

I did some outline of articles I wanted to use for my paper. Then also wrote in the blog as well. That is the end of my second week at Tufts University! I'm really exctied to be able to focus more on my research! 



